README.md, before:

# MedXChange Integration (MI) API

MedXChange provides programmatic access to case data and media items. The API is refered to as MIAPI, which stands for **M**edXChange **I**ntegration**API**.

The API is a [REST API]. All request/response formats are [JSON].

## Checklist
* [See if the concepts used by the API are familiar to you] []
* Familiarize yourself with API functionality
* Read the MIAPI [API Terms of Use][]
* Hack away!

## SDK

* TBD

## Authentication

Before you can access any endpoint, you must first have a valid username and password setup on the device you are connecting with. Consult the manual for your MedXChange device to create a user that will be used for remote access to the device.

Every endpoint defined requires authentication, unless stated otherwise. A valid username and password must be provided to the [<code>AUTHENTICATE</code>] (endpoints/misc/authenticate.md) endpoint to retrieve a valid authentication token to use for each subsequent HTTP request. You must add the token to the header of each HTTP request being made to the device.

```
token: {your authentication token here}
```

If your authentication token is invalid, you will receive a `HTTP 401` response with the following JSON response.

``` json
{
  "TokenStatus" : 2,
  "ErrorMessage" : "Your authorization token is invalid."
}
```


## Endpoints

### Miscellaneous

- **[<code>AUTHENTICATE</code>](endpoints/misc/authenticate.md)**
- **[<code>LIVE_STREAMING_STATUS</code>](endpoints/misc/livestreamingstatus.md)**
- **[<code>MODULE_STATUS</code>](endpoints/misc/modulestatus.md)**
- **[<code>VERSION</code>](endpoints/misc/version.md)**

### Cases

- **[<code>ALL_CASES</code>](endpoints/cases/allcases.md)**
- **[<code>REVIEW_CASES</code>](endpoints/cases/reviewcases.md)**
- **[<code>WORKLIST_CASES</code>](endpoints/cases/worklistcases.md)**
- **[<code>CURRENT_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/currentcase.md)**
- **[<code>GET_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/getcase.md)**
- **[<code>GET_CASE_FOR_EDIT</code>](endpoints/cases/getcaseforedit.md)**
- **[<code>INSERT_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/insertcase.md)**
- **[<code>UPDATE_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/updatecase.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/deletecase.md)**

### MediaItems

- **[<code>MEDIA_ITEMS_FOR_CASE</code>](endpoints/media_items/mediaitemsforcase.md)**
- **[<code>RECENT_MEDIA_ITEMS</code>](endpoints/media_items/recentmediaitems.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_MEDIA_ITEM</code>](endpoints/media_items/deletemediaitem.md)**
- **[<code>MEDIA_ITEM_THUMBNAIL</code>](endpoints/media_items/mediaitemthumbnail.md)**
- **[<code>MEDIA_ITEM_FILE</code>](endpoints/media_items/mediaitemfile.md)**

### Physicains

- **[<code>GET_ALL_PHYSICIANS</code>](endpoints/physicians/getallphysicians.md)**
- **[<code>GET_PHYSICIAN</code>](endpoints/physicians/getphysician.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_PHYSICIAN</code>](endpoints/physicians/deletephysician.md)**
- **[<code>INSERT_OR_UPDATE_PHYSICIAN</code>](endpoints/physicians/insertorupdatephysician.md)**
- **[<code>GET_ANNOTATIONS</code>](endpoints/physicians/getannotations.md)**

### Patient Fields

- **[<code>GET_PATIENT_FIELDS</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/getpatientfields.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_PATIENT_FIELD</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/deletepatientfield.md)**
- **[<code>INSERT_OR_UPDATE_PATIENT_FIELD</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/insertorupdatepatientfield.md)**
- **[<code>ENABLE_DISABLE_PATIENT_FIELD</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/enabledisablepatientfield.md)**

## FAQ

* TBD

### What do I need to know before I start using the API?

Got rust on your skills? No worries. Here are the docs you might need to get started:

- HTTPS protocol
- [REST software pattern][]
- Data serialization with [JSON][] (or see a [quick tutorial][])

[See if the concepts used by the API are familiar to you]: https://tbd.com/#what-do-i-need-to-know-before-i-start-using-the-api
[API Terms of Use]: basic/terms_of_use.md
[JSON]: http://json.org
[REST software pattern]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_State_Transfer
[REST API]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_State_Transfer "RESTful"

Commit message:

Added info about the request headers needed.

README.md, after:

# MedXChange Integration (MI) API

MedXChange provides programmatic access to case data and media items. The API is refered to as MIAPI, which stands for **M**edXChange **I**ntegration**API**.

The API is a [REST API]. All request/response formats are [JSON].

## Checklist
* [See if the concepts used by the API are familiar to you] []
* Familiarize yourself with API functionality
* Read the MIAPI [API Terms of Use][]
* Hack away!

## SDK

* TBD

## Authentication

Before you can access any endpoint, you must first have a valid username and password setup on the device you are connecting with. Consult the manual for your MedXChange device to create a user that will be used for remote access to the device.

Every endpoint defined requires authentication, unless stated otherwise. A valid username and password must be provided to the [<code>AUTHENTICATE</code>] (endpoints/misc/authenticate.md) endpoint to retrieve a valid authentication token to use for each subsequent HTTP request. You must add the token to the header of each HTTP request being made to the device.

```
token: {your authentication token here}
```

If your authentication token is invalid, you will receive a `HTTP 401` response with the following JSON response.

``` json
{
  "TokenStatus" : 2,
  "ErrorMessage" : "Your authorization token is invalid."
}
```

## Request Headers

Since this is a json service, all requests headers should indicate that you are sending JSON data in the request and are expecting JSON data in the response.

Use these headers for every JSON request made to the device.

	Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
	Accept: application/json

## Endpoints

### Miscellaneous

- **[<code>AUTHENTICATE</code>](endpoints/misc/authenticate.md)**
- **[<code>LIVE_STREAMING_STATUS</code>](endpoints/misc/livestreamingstatus.md)**
- **[<code>MODULE_STATUS</code>](endpoints/misc/modulestatus.md)**
- **[<code>VERSION</code>](endpoints/misc/version.md)**

### Cases

- **[<code>ALL_CASES</code>](endpoints/cases/allcases.md)**
- **[<code>REVIEW_CASES</code>](endpoints/cases/reviewcases.md)**
- **[<code>WORKLIST_CASES</code>](endpoints/cases/worklistcases.md)**
- **[<code>CURRENT_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/currentcase.md)**
- **[<code>GET_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/getcase.md)**
- **[<code>GET_CASE_FOR_EDIT</code>](endpoints/cases/getcaseforedit.md)**
- **[<code>INSERT_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/insertcase.md)**
- **[<code>UPDATE_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/updatecase.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_CASE</code>](endpoints/cases/deletecase.md)**

### MediaItems

- **[<code>MEDIA_ITEMS_FOR_CASE</code>](endpoints/media_items/mediaitemsforcase.md)**
- **[<code>RECENT_MEDIA_ITEMS</code>](endpoints/media_items/recentmediaitems.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_MEDIA_ITEM</code>](endpoints/media_items/deletemediaitem.md)**
- **[<code>MEDIA_ITEM_THUMBNAIL</code>](endpoints/media_items/mediaitemthumbnail.md)**
- **[<code>MEDIA_ITEM_FILE</code>](endpoints/media_items/mediaitemfile.md)**

### Physicains

- **[<code>GET_ALL_PHYSICIANS</code>](endpoints/physicians/getallphysicians.md)**
- **[<code>GET_PHYSICIAN</code>](endpoints/physicians/getphysician.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_PHYSICIAN</code>](endpoints/physicians/deletephysician.md)**
- **[<code>INSERT_OR_UPDATE_PHYSICIAN</code>](endpoints/physicians/insertorupdatephysician.md)**
- **[<code>GET_ANNOTATIONS</code>](endpoints/physicians/getannotations.md)**

### Patient Fields

- **[<code>GET_PATIENT_FIELDS</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/getpatientfields.md)**
- **[<code>DELETE_PATIENT_FIELD</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/deletepatientfield.md)**
- **[<code>INSERT_OR_UPDATE_PATIENT_FIELD</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/insertorupdatepatientfield.md)**
- **[<code>ENABLE_DISABLE_PATIENT_FIELD</code>](endpoints/patient_fields/enabledisablepatientfield.md)**

## FAQ

* TBD

### What do I need to know before I start using the API?

Got rust on your skills? No worries. Here are the docs you might need to get started:

- HTTPS protocol
- [REST software pattern][]
- Data serialization with [JSON][] (or see a [quick tutorial][])

[See if the concepts used by the API are familiar to you]: https://tbd.com/#what-do-i-need-to-know-before-i-start-using-the-api
[API Terms of Use]: basic/terms_of_use.md
[JSON]: http://json.org
[REST software pattern]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_State_Transfer
[REST API]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_State_Transfer "RESTful"
